input.color scale.color
input.depth scale.depth

scale.out_color remove_fireflies.color

remove_fireflies.out_color coc_map.color
scale.out_depth coc_map.depth

coc_map.out_color_and_coc dof_horizontal.color_and_coc
scale.out_depth dof_horizontal.depth
dof_horizontal.out_color_and_coc dof_vertical.color_and_coc
scale.out_depth dof_vertical.depth
dof_vertical.out_color_and_coc dof_final.color1

coc_map.out_color_and_coc dof_diagonal.color_and_coc
scale.out_depth dof_diagonal.depth
dof_diagonal.out_color_and_coc dof_diagonal2.color_and_coc
scale.out_depth dof_diagonal2.depth
dof_diagonal2.out_color_and_coc dof_final.color2

remove_fireflies.out_color dof_final.color
dof_final.out_color bloom_up_final.color
dof_final.out_color bloom_down_1st.color

bloom_down_1st.out_color bloom_down_2nd.color
bloom_down_2nd.out_color bloom_down_3rd.color
bloom_down_3rd.out_color bloom_down_4th.color
bloom_down_4th.out_color bloom_down_5th.color
bloom_down_5th.out_color bloom_down_6th.color
bloom_down_6th.out_color bloom_down_7th.color

bloom_down_7th.out_color bloom_up_7th.color
bloom_up_7th.out_color bloom_up_6th.previous
bloom_down_6th.out_color bloom_up_6th.color
bloom_up_6th.out_color bloom_up_5th.previous
bloom_down_5th.out_color bloom_up_5th.color
bloom_up_5th.out_color bloom_up_4th.previous
bloom_down_4th.out_color bloom_up_4th.color
bloom_up_4th.out_color bloom_up_3rd.previous
bloom_down_3rd.out_color bloom_up_3rd.color
bloom_up_3rd.out_color bloom_up_2nd.previous
bloom_down_2nd.out_color bloom_up_2nd.color
bloom_up_2nd.out_color bloom_up_1st.previous
bloom_down_1st.out_color bloom_up_1st.color
bloom_up_1st.out_color bloom_up_final.previous
bloom_up_final.out_color final.color

final.out_color output.color
